Translation corrections (#504)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_008.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>嘉納</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Kanou</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/vt2b_kanou1097", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『警察庁の話では、広域事件として社会的影響を考慮して情報規制が行われるらしい。",
			NULL, "\"According to the national police agency, they're enacting information regulations in consideration of the social impact of this incident. ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>嘉納</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Kanou</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/vt2b_kanou1098", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "で、その捜査の邪魔になるから活動を控えるように……というのが、表向きの理由だけどね』",

> 			NULL, "So, this investigation interferes with that, so it's being halted... at least, that's their official reason.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And this investigation interferes with that, so it's being halted... at least, that's their official reason.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rその秘密に触れようとした刑事を謀殺してまで、一体やつらは何を企んでいたんだ？！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その秘密に触れようとした刑事を謀殺してまで、一体やつらは何を企んでいたんだ？！",

> 			NULL, "What the hell were they scheming that would make them even go as far as kill a detective who was trying to unearth that secret?!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "What the hell were they scheming that would make them even go as far as killing a detective trying to unearth that secret?!", Line_Normal);
```

//rそういえば、ホテルのベッドから起きた時に身体がやや重ったるい気分だった。…もっとも、それは私の鬱屈した気持ちがそう感じさせているだけかもしれないが。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そういえば、ホテルのベッドから起きた時に身体がやや重ったるい気分だった。…もっとも、それは私の鬱屈した気持ちがそう感じさせているだけかもしれないが。",

> 			NULL, "Come to think of it, my body felt a little heavy when I got up from the hotel bed. ...Of course, that might just be my depression making me feel that way.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Come to think of it, my body felt a little heavy when I got up from the hotel bed. ...Of course, that might just be because I've been feeling depressed lately.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそんな食生活だと、絶対近い将来生活習慣病にでもなるぞ、…なんて、いつか機会を見て注意してやろうと思っていたが。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そんな食生活だと、絶対近い将来生活習慣病にでもなるぞ、…なんて、いつか機会を見て注意してやろうと思っていたが。",

> 			NULL, "With those eating habits, she had a life of medical troubles to look forward to in the near future... I'd been planning of warning her about that when I got the chance.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "With those eating habits, she had a life of medical troubles to look forward to in the near future... I'd been planning to warn her about that when I got the chance.", Line_Normal);
```

//r私以上に、…喪った悲しみと怒りを抱く二人。その二人にそう励まされては、『…お願いします』と伝えるのが精一杯だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私以上に、…喪った悲しみと怒りを抱く二人。その二人にそう励まされては、『…お願いします』と伝えるのが精一杯だった。",

> 			NULL, "Those two were experiencing the most sorrow and anger over this... far more than I. Yet they were encouraging me, so it took all I had just to say, \"...Please do.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Those two were feeling the most sorrow and anger over this... far more than I. Yet they were encouraging me, so it took all I had just to say, \"...Please do.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Natsumi Kimiyoshi was taking these mental suppression drugs to alleviate her dark emotions.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000859", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…つまり、母親をはじめとした周囲への憎悪を解消することができた」",

> 			NULL, " ...In other words, it allowed her to deal with the hatred she felt towards her surroundings that originated with her mother.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...In other words, it allowed her to deal with the hatred she felt towards her surroundings that originated from her mother.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " ...Na ha ha ha! I was kidding.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100722", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "警視庁の優秀な人材を、食うのも困りそうな貧乏探偵にしちまったら、私ゃ中央の人事のお偉方にぶん殴られちゃいますって～！」",

> 			NULL, " Stealing such an excellent detective from the metropolitan police department for a struggling detective agency would get me beat up by HR~!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Stealing such an excellent detective from the metropolitan police department for some struggling detective agency would get me beat up by HR~!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100723", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「それじゃ、私は早速そのセンを当たってみます。",

> 			NULL, "\"Anyway, I'll get to work right away on investigating that possibility.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Anyway, I'll get to work investigating that possibility, right away.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#54636b>藤田</color>", NULL, "<color=#54636b>Fujita</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s08/31/320900096", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "他にも心当たりとかがないか事情聴取を行いましたが、…体調の不良を理由に中途で打ち切っております」",

> 			NULL, "They tried asking her about other details... but had to stop midway on grounds of her poor physical condition.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "They tried asking her about other details... but had to stop midway due to her poor physical condition.\"", Line_Normal);
```

		OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping);
		OutputLine(NULL, "被害者——佐伯千紗登さんはベッドから上体を起こしてガウンを羽織ると、まだ辛そうに頭を押さえる。それを気遣う横の友人に『大丈夫』と答えてから、私に顔を向けて言った。",
				NULL, "<size=-2>The victim, Chisato Saeki-san, lifted her upper body from the bed. She was wearing a gown and still looked in pain as she held her head. She looked to her friend and said \"It's fine\" before turning back to me and speaking.", Line_Normal);
	} else {
		OutputLine(NULL, "被害者——佐伯千紗登さんはベッドから上体を起こしてガウンを羽織ると、まだ辛そうに頭を押さえる。それを気遣う横の友人に『大丈夫』と答えてから、私に顔を向けて言った。",
				NULL, "The victim, Chisato Saeki-san, lifted her upper body from the bed. She was wearing a gown and still looked in pain as she held her head. She looked to her friend and said \"It's fine\" before turning back to me and speaking.", Line_Normal);
	}
	ClearMessage();

//千紗登rvS08/37/320300284.「この通りの身体ですから、あんまり長時間は勘弁してください。kvS08/37/320300285.…それに、たいていのことはすでに別の刑事さんにお答えしています」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s08/37/320300284", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「この通りの身体ですから、あんまり長時間は勘弁してください。",

> 			NULL, "\"As you can see, I'm not in the best of health, so please don't take too much time.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"As you can see, I'm not in the best of health, so please keep it quick.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"It was an old saying from Minai-san.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s08/31/320900105", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『中途半端な権限だから、正しいことをしたくてもできない。",
			NULL, " \"We barely have any real authority, so I can't do the right thing even when I want to.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s08/31/320900106", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "だから、私も偉くならないと』ってね」",
			NULL, " So, I need to rise up in the ranks as well.\"\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//藤田rvS08/31/320900107.「そのために頑張って優秀ってことを認められて、出世するんだって…」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#54636b>藤田</color>", NULL, "<color=#54636b>Fujita</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s08/31/320900107", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そのために頑張って優秀ってことを認められて、出世するんだって…」",

> 			NULL, "\"She did her best to have her skills acknowledged and get promoted for that purpose...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"That's why she did her best to have her skills acknowledged and get promoted...\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rこみ上げてくる熱いものに心は奮い立ち、私はきっ、と高速で走りぬける真正面を見据えた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "こみ上げてくる熱いものに心は奮い立ち、私はきっ、と高速で走りぬける真正面を見据えた。",

> 			NULL, "My heart was racing with fiery emotions as I looked straight ahead at the passing scenery.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "My heart was racing with burning passion as I looked straight ahead at the passing scenery.", Line_Normal);
```
